hey guys we are here for orange the new
black season 4 episode 7 it sounded
nicer in my head and episode 8 friends
in low places destination for TV super
fan discussion afterbuzz TV and now let
the buzz begin
let's go say to be fair we end when the
note actually but we are here covering
episode 7 episode 8 already we have a
special gas let's start with our special
guest and welcome her hello miss Jolene
you had some great stuff in these
episodes here yeah these are these are
some interesting episodes a little a
little challenging thankfully for you to
be here to discuss thank you for joining
us coming all the way from New York
you're tired we get it so thank you for
being here before we get back to
everything I would introduced myself I
am Scott Moore you can find me on
Twitter at sman 80 that's SMN 8-0 and
the lovely ladies to my left
hi I'm Candi cool all follow me on
twitter at koneko all hey guys I'm
sterling you can find me on Twitter and
Instagram at Stirling Cates hey
everybody I'm April with some hand you
can find me everywhere at April wasn't
him
alright so let's take off of this this
episode initial thoughts for everybody
here first 7 yes 4 7 Molly I'm so
excited I realize what's going on with
her you know
loli is all beautiful by the way
nothing I mean you see obviously like or
just do black as a show where they kind
of you know obviously dress down the
characters a bit so seeing her in her
present uniform she's a cute girl but
since seeing her in my her street
clothes your oh you mean like later in
life
yeah everything the first actors wasn't
her Yeah right which I thought that she
looks so good and the voice was spot-on
I was confused as to if that was Lori
petti in a wig or if it was the
different great
and my antastic yes so any initial
thoughts and just by the way we only
have made it through episode 8 yeah Lori
petti is my girl crush is also one of my
favorite movies of all time when she
first appeared on this show I had a
major fangirl moment crazy and that
movie that's cool I loved seeing though
they're like because we've known that
she's going through some like mental
health issues for a while now but I
loved getting like she might be one of
my favorite backgrounds so far because I
loved seeing like the realness of this
and that they weren't I love how they
did like the voices that we could hear
right and they just you know it's
something that television shows don't
often write us in such a real way so I
really appreciated that but it was I
don't know I just loved everything about
that we really got in her hair we got to
really empathize in journalism was
probably the best profession she had to
have for someone who was a conspiracy
theory I keep saying to myself she
reminds me of me I can get a little
crazy I can I go I think we all can
always kind of be our conscience someone
saying do this do that so yeah obviously
she's an extreme but right I think I
really I just I think there are
conspiracy theories out there so lolly
true I just love how they connected her
storyline to Healy's because it kind of
brings him back and like makes me like
him a little more to see him relate to
her the way he does yeah and I mean
we'll talk about it later but that scene
about that everything was great
yes and I just love when we open up you
know in the intro with your character
basically having that whole scene with
Piper yeah it's good I wish there was a
Hawaiian power group for me right in the
bathroom and that yes that was so
interesting issue too because there's
like so many people like you're cramming
into stalls trying to come in and out
and
yeah there yeah that's what's it like in
that site and that's like are you guys
like describe what it's like so man yeah
dirty like they're really dirty like
it's not play dirty
I mean there's no like it's it's dirty
it's small it seems much bigger than it
actually is you have someone with a boom
you have the camera operators like the
mirrors pull out but you still have a
lot of background especially because
there's overcrowding that's kind of a
hmm a thing right now so you have
background and other actors coming in
and out and cameras and just wires
everywhere it's it's crazy to try and
get the Aughra fee right yeah well and
your character's name is hot topic I
heard they sing like happy birthday in
hop and in the name cuz I have to make
fun of so so's name and now they make
fun of your name yes so they sing yeah
it's not there their way of like trying
to get my name is hey they would call me
ha Caputo yeah yeah so many things yeah
I mean that was just a great intro to
this this whole episode but it was funny
because I was waiting for that moment I
kept thinking I know there's gonna be a
moment there's gonna be a moment when
your character because we've kind of
seen this whole build-up with your
character throughout the season from
when you first met Piper and we're just
kind of waiting around like when when is
this this break gonna happen and we
finally got it in this episode which was
incredible what are you talking about in
that first scene with Piper so saying
the very beginning right and when but
then this in seven when Piper's like
well I'm not feeding you to letting you
go to them and I can't help you help you
yeah so I mean that would be enough to
turn anyone I mean you gotta do what you
got to do this
exactly that was the perfect setup
because then we knew no you can tolerate
that you know the funny thing is we shot
the other scene first
so like the giving her up kind of burst
and I didn't actually get the scene in
the bathroom until the day that I got
there so I didn't even know that when I
when it turns around and I have to I say
pretty much what she says to me back to
her like sorry about it but I'm rooting
for you I didn't know that I'm
paraphrasing what she told me so then I
was like saying everyone I have the live
chat so people are watching them and
they're like ah the guest star she's my
favorite this season I love that you or
your character is the catalyst I don't
know how y'all feel about this but it's
the catalyst to like start making me
like Piper again yeah you know obviously
they're writing it this way to where
she's not the most lovable character
currently and I've been so I'm like oh
my gosh you've really gotta be a part of
this group that's like basically even if
you're she's not acting that way like
they're living like white power
yeah are you actually gonna do that like
I'm like this is gonna end up terrible
for her and obviously it does but I'm so
your character has been you know more I
don't want to say like shy but almost
like a little shy ish because she
doesn't know anyone obviously I was so I
was just happy for you to just be like
she's just trying to survive you know
like everyone else like everyone else
yeah absolutely yeah and and I think
what we're saying is is it's sort of
that Piper had to kind of reach has to
kind of scrape the bottom the barrel
here and she needed something to kind of
make that happen and turn that corner
yeah because she was just heading down
this this whole path and we were like
really like this is where we're gonna go
and she's gone darker and darker and
darker with her character and and and we
see that as we go throughout the season
so it was great to have your character
be able to come there and basically let
her hit rock bottom
yeah right I felt
so bad but every week we talk about you
know Piper is so annoying because like
when you're watching the show it's like
yeah like you're doing your suspension
yeah right exactly and I we see it later
you know when she kind of hits that
final yeah great to the point but then
we finally feel bad for her because
she's getting what she deserves not just
writers what happened was badly but she
definitely something was definitely
coming her way
well she kept making the points of being
like I'm in prison and I'm thinking I'm
like that you're not gonna be there
forever so that's where it was kind of
it's one of those things where you know
I know this is an episode eight but when
she's talking about like my parents
didn't raise me to be this way yeah it's
like such a mindset that I'm sure people
get in like because you just feel like
you are where you are and you're gonna
be there forever so she started doing
these crazy things to become like this
prison Lord so that no one would mess
with her but obviously that is never
gonna really get you anywhere
so why it's so the panty business is
done it's now just completely done right
it's we don't I mean as far as being it
through episode eight man yeah my way
they may turn into hard drugs with
Maria's group so they they're turning
into something different right right
right but I thought that
Piper like still had her little group
going that I guess you'd say business is
done for the moment for me right yeah I
mean exactly like everyone abandoned her
yeah as we've seen and and something I
want to bring up later the correlation
of sort of with with your character but
also even with Judi Kings character to
about the the sort of the know friends
thing that I see a lot of similar lines
right yeah well I think pretty much in
that scene where the guards were doing
the random checks with everyone and you
had that great scene where my heart was
like beating out of my chest cuz I'm
like oh my gosh right now my I guess
that pretty much ends it when people
think that you're just gonna get
randomly checked yeah right so what was
it like shooting that scene in
particular because that was another big
scene for your character
oh my gosh when I got this script and it
said she drops her pants I was like
thank you that option they were so
supportive they're like we want you to
be comfortable we'll give you all these
different options tell us what you want
to do and they ended up giving me the
shots that they were going to shoot so I
felt comfortable enough to just do it
all right it was really good I talked to
Leah about it because she had a scene
and maybe season two where she had some
nudity and lots of that yeah yeah but
she kind of gave me a little bit of a
pep talk and like how therapeutic it can
be and how I was like freeing it can be
doing it and also like getting asked
like ooh what are you I get that a lot
yeah so this was just a heightened way
of me like experiencing it on camera
right yeah yeah those discussions going
around about I mean I'm sure there's a
lot of discussion because this show is
so we talked about so politically
relevant and what are the kind of topics
that you guys talk about amongst
yourselves about race cards diversity
about specifically yours cuz you're a
real in real life I think half Japanese
yeah so I'm actually hapa which was
derogatory but now it's not it's like
celebrated so it's half asian and half
white is kind of my mix um you know I
think it's pretty light onset we don't
like dive into these like deep deep
topics but I know black lives matter
especially with what's going on right
now our cast has been behind that
movement and been really active they had
a float at Pride so like there there are
things that the cast really supports and
ethnicity and really just being diverse
is huge on this set mm-hmm
I'm sure some of the actors do have to
kind of dawn being like whites you know
white lives matter and have to wear a
confederate flag tattoo I'm sure that
you feel uncomfortable yeah and then you
have to try and take the tattoos off
before you hit this no way got a
Confederate
you're like every and she one of the
girls she's actually a huge supporter of
black lives matter and so it was kind of
difficult for her yeah yeah it
definitely it's one of those things that
watching it makes and I feel like it
would make everyone feel last week this
way it almost like makes you feel
uncomfortable but like in a good way it
makes you be like oh god this stuff is
like happening right and it's so I don't
know I was watching it and I'm like oh
there's something like in me stirring
because this is it's like jarring but
it's also an important topic yeah to
talk about it it's hard because like
these are things that we you see on TV
and we don't think it happens in your
real life but when we see it in this
show and we have that realization that
these are things that are actually
happening in our world today and it's
that's the most devastating part and you
read it in newspaper but then it's sort
of like it's behind the gates and nobody
really knows what really goes on there
and I think what's great about the show
is that the writing brings it to light
and they do it in such an entertaining
way but yet it's serious but it's got
that comedic edge and it's just it's
brilliant and and bringing all these
characters in the way they intertwine
everybody it's just a fantastic it's
great it's really really incredible and
it's really important but then in a
really good good way yeah for sure and
you know this this this episode too just
had so much other layers going on
besides what's going on with your
character and with Piper you know we
were talking about Ali's backstory which
was probably one of my favorites yet
right same it was just so well done and
it was so great to finally see to be
able to see her but we also you know we
have the stuff going on with what judy
can write and all of her crazy
I mean it's so yeah there's only that
Paula Dean reference that we yes
because we already had the butter we are
yeah and long salt right so we had that
but now we were really going into it but
also I love her whole thing with with
yoga Jones too because that's been a
funny story line because you know yoga
Jones trying to view like doesn't want
any stuff and isn't into material things
and all of a sudden machine you know
like all these little things and eating
her we're getting cold yeah doing you a
favor yeah it's really funny to watch
that to see her kind of really enjoy
some of these material that was cracking
me up and just everything kind of going
on with with Judy and then you had the
girls with trying to get a picture and
how they're gonna do it and tasty
getting on this little power trip and
Cindy to it should send you a little
comments exactly the thing about trying
to get the picture just right and how
they're gonna do it and it came out all
blurry and but it's a smart tactic I
mean if I had that power like tasty hat
I could make picture that they end up
getting of her in the hallway chasing
her it was great I mean again the
writing is just brilliant you all take
that and then what you do in Episode
eight which we'll get to is just just a
question the writing is so brilliant but
how much I mean these actors are so
talented though they they must go off
the page sometimes and then it just
becomes a Racine that I'll like all the
time yeah on my first day um Taryn did a
whole tp'ing her new bunkmate an old
like off the page scene in the
background which was super fun they
didn't keep it but yeah so most of the
actors come prepped and then just throw
it out they keep to the words pretty
much right but there's a lot of freedom
yeah that's amazing
that's so genuine exactly comes across
very gently and you were saying about
how you didn't get that scene until
right before the big scene did they do
that on purpose or you weren't have too
much time to me
because it was such a big scene yeah
yeah I think for the first four episodes
I felt like I was like doing a really
bad job on the show cuz I was like I
don't know what I'm doing but I found
out they kind of liked to keep you a
little bit in the dark with you because
things you're not gonna know why do you
need to know it it'll alter how you do
things
yeah so it's slightly improv II on onset
I'm sure that's benefited you I mean for
future projects I was gonna keep you a
bit more prayer yeah especially working
with this cast they are so talented like
I said they just they prep it and they
throw it away and to feel that freedom
and actually get to play is so nice yeah
I mean the characters again they're just
so great you have Linda and Caputo in
this episode - oh dear yeah my gosh that
was just well we're finally seeing that
Satan that we were wondering when we
were gonna see because we knew that she
kind of has the bad intentions or the
MCC intention you know but this episode
in particular and then the next one as
well we see her kind of you can see that
she's taking advantage of Caputo that
you know Cupido still keeps falling for
her well that's cause it's Caputo she's
not a gun like he's doing I thought
you've been go back in there and kick
her out
she sighs yeah we like him and then
doing yeah I'm really - I know obviously
that was bad in episode 8 but I like
okay so first of all of my prediction
was wrong because I thought that Linda
was kind of steal his idea completely
because I kind of agree with you I
thought maybe she was gonna try to take
credit for it because she was the one
that was going to say what you know
what's gonna happen
how she was gonna take credit yes took
it and created a chain gang yeah
completely twisted it but I don't see
how so what they're doing now is all of
these vocational classes like hello
finally some mayo game
fired from their jobs are not being paid
they turned it into they turned a job
into not a job that just a class instead
so are they just literally not gonna
have a job soon well shouldn't it be
um voluntary like if it's a class yeah
but it was I mean she completely white I
also love that scene when she opened
they opened up and she was calling in
the car and it said to say the full time
but yes she completely turned it around
from any of what his original plan was
like completely nothing that's where I
still am liking him currently because
you can see he's like genuinely upset
yes I'm fighting for
he's like this isn't what it was
supposed to be at all you know I think
he understood that he needed to
compromise a little with them but then
to have it completely changed yeah but
in a way you were sort of right in the
sense that she took it and changed it
right she kind of took ownership of it
and and instead of taking credit for his
stuff she took it over and made it the
way she wanted it yeah I had that when
she saying this is that we do yeah got
stuck in my head all day today yeah okay
another thing that I noticed this
episode was Nikki well yeah I felt kind
of bad for about a montrose is going to
progress but what was so excited that
she's back right that's like yeah it's
like her kid her everything exactly her
kid she was baking a cake she had a
party she yeah made this great party for
her we got to have her back and we
already see her back and knocking old
ways
receptive either joints about either so
I'm not sure how that's gonna play out
but so far I felt I feel bad yes yeah
she put so much into invents noticing
now too
yes and she sees her go and take a
shower Cooper out in the hallway yeah
yeah that was funny
listen I'm just happy to have her back
because I've missed her present so much
and got a show and even let's just like
do away with the drugs with her
character but just having her back in
her attic relief and everything I just I
love that obviously not loving the drug
part right but it was really nice to see
how she interacts with Piper too because
we're used to seeing so many people be
so mean to Piper and like which I mean I
would be too bro she annoys me it's kind
of nice to see Nikki be like well you
know telling her it is sometimes people
can only see what it looks like and yes
invites her to the party and that sort
of stuff so it's kind of it's kind of
nice to see someone who knows the old
piper right versus what we've seen her
become and and also she was she was away
for all these right I wasn't say
episodes but if you're thinking real
life or whatever she's been away so she
hasn't seen Piper kind of make this turn
and and isolate herself in this way and
not have any friends and so she's coming
back in sort of being left off or it was
before when she was there last so I
think also that's why she's also doesn't
realize yeah what Piper has been up to
you yeah he's also been a character
that's always very accepting of everyone
kind of no matter what so she's you know
it's good to see her be like oh come to
the party like I thought last week even
though I don't know it was weird to me
that they didn't tell her but then I'm
like I guess not that she's really not
friends with anyone anymore
yeah you are her friends
I'm working with Taylor Schilling I mean
she's most of your scene partners in a
lie I don't really see you interacting
with that many other cast members
besides her yeah I didn't meet like most
of the cast until like Episode seven
when you did the deed right well like 13
like 12 and it wasn't yeah so I worked
with Taylor the most the first day that
I met her she's so sweet she's like oh
we're so excited to have you as like I'm
freaking excited to be here yeah she's
great like I'm super supportive I feel
like I don't have to do anything right
I'm doing scenes with her just talk to
her
I gave her my mom's chicken teriyaki
recipe right yeah yeah yeah
except for maybe a less racist still
sticking by this I find you the king of
fake I don't think then I said this in
previous that she really doesn't know
how to cook no and and we find that out
later but that's what I'm going and I'm
sticking to it yeah you're pretty out of
it on yeah I'll jump on that bag yeah
there you go
all right cool so seconds yes I mean was
going back to the episode we also have
Aida yeah I'm sorry Alena finishing up
realizing that she's leaving what is she
gonna do she has this great idea
basically because the Judy King just
sort of yeah trying to get her out and
trying to trying to change the subject
oh my gosh I love your nails and that's
great yeah yeah it made her think in her
hand oh my gosh yeah maybe this is
something I can do for a legit business
you kind of gave up on the GED thing it
was gonna be too difficult for her so
but this is something she's passionate
about she's gonna know she's getting
really down on herself about not being
not having developed an example is or
anything like that so the fact that
she's already kind of had this hidden
talent you
that was kind of there all along and it
was interesting the fact that Judy had
to bring it up through an offhanded
compliment that made her think about it
judy actually does do that with a lot of
characters i'm forgetting his name which
is bad that got the guys check he even
kind of brings a little bit of something
out of him as well and it listens to his
problems reflecting though it's like
take the attention off of her when she's
doing something and when he put it back
on by giving someone a compliment to
kind of change the subject there so you
know again we're kind of seeing it's not
all for my good side or she's being
genuine or generous or anything that's
basically because she's trying to
deflect from room yeah she's ready to
help them but somehow it does yeah
exactly but that's what was great about
that it made you know maybe also on and
then she really had these big dreams
right it was great to see her have that
moment right I think because Aelita
really needed that because she had can I
hit rock bottom she was really afraid of
leaving prison and again what suffering
about the show was talking about
recidivism and how a lot of people in to
believe in prison having nowhere to go
and prison actually provides stability
you know they know where they're getting
their next meal they know they have
structure they have other people in
there
and they go out there into the real
world and and it is very difficult
people can't won't hire people they're
scared of hiring felons or they want
they don't trust them or whatever the
case may be so it was a really genuine
moment to have that experience and so it
was great to kind of see her have that
happy moment - yeah totally so that was
that was great and and what else do we
have in this episode before we move on
because I know the brandy just briefly
Nikki did mention um
- sister Engle and was it Lauria yeah
about what happened to Sophia well that
she saw yes
which by the way you get everyone was
right I was completely off I kept
thinking it was episode we remember
the blood from episode I just somehow I
was looking on the tiny screen and I had
my head from the hole and I was way off
and everybody did call me out an idiot I
admit it that's sort of where she
basically said that yeah right we just
don't know what happened and how you
know was it just on that magazine on the
staples on the paper what was going on I
don't know yet exactly but they make the
decision that they should tell crystal
that now she's injured and exhuming and
that's important for that was know that
was a very important scene and that was
it was very important we still don't
know exactly it was really so yes but is
there anything else I'm gonna make sure
I'm not forgetting anything because I
know we had some stuff with lolly
yeah with lolly I want to just quickly
on lolly one of the most like
eye-opening parts for me this episode
with her was everything we kind of see
that she's aware of these voices she
knows they're not real which is kind of
what I always wondered because you know
just and for mental health illness in
general you know because she's shaking
them out of her head she tells Healy you
know I know they're not there but that
doesn't mean they don't have anything to
say right and so it's kind of like she
realizes that she's admitting it she
kind of has these voices in her head and
not real so but mostly before in
episodes before we've seen her genuinely
I believe they're real or at least seem
like she does yeah but and although
Helias advice was a little bit cliched I
mean I think it speaks to a lot he's
literally said everyone who wants to go
back in time which that was a great
scene and because it it also was him
kind of dealing with yeah what he's been
going through with his mom and and and
things like that he wishes he could go
back and and so that was a really great
scene the two of them shared that they
helped each other
yeah and her backstory just brought up a
lot of issues that are so relevant like
the police interacting with her
homelessness and all that mental health
why some people go to prison that
shouldn't be they need treatment
dead and her case is basically a perfect
case for that and you know it was funny
when she had that scene with healing she
ticks off all the reasons that she was
arrested for because oh not that that
wasn't one of them but nudity and
whatever no I thought that her character
is actually based off somebody that
maybe Genji knew or you know you don't
know how many of these characters
actually might be based on a real true
person besides I see Piper's character
and his character but but it's real
people that deal with us all the time
and these people maybe she knows her I
mean yeah but it brings up a really good
point again on mental health and that
whole panhandling scene but it was just
it was beautiful it was just in the
sense of just seeing her go through her
day I thought that was just a brilliant
scene and she seemed so happy and she
was and she was able to control the
voices yeah well and interact with
everybody throughout as she's going down
the cart with everything in town it was
yeah it was great yeah I loved that
scene I thought that was so well done so
here you have green spaghetti it was
really cute and really brave her
delivery just so natural that yeah yeah
I'm just that it was great it was like
being a Mister Rogers neighborhood or
something down and everyone's doing
their thing I loved it so just overall
just a great episode and of course hmm
we get to the big moment that we were
waiting for the very end we saved like
that intense moment at the end yes
exhausting I'm sure didn't know what was
gonna happen anyway you were out of the
party and well not you but your
character I didn't know what was gonna
happen I didn't know if you were gonna
try to make up with her if you're gonna
try to I really didn't see what happened
I knew
I didn't know that's what my character
thought she was right back yeah but
should you need to kind of sacrifice you
think if you knew that what was gonna
happen happen was gonna happen
when you'd better do the wolves I don't
know
I don't yeah I don't think my character
knew was gonna be that bad yeah and I
think if she did no I don't think she
would have done it right I mean she
would have thought hard and it like
maybe been on the border of it but maybe
she's smarter than that it would have
found another way ya know your character
wanted to have some revenge on Piper but
I don't think to that extreme no and I
don't think it was so much revenge more
just like you know she jumped one of the
girls baby girls
yeah so she knows like she survival and
you just see Maria and how powerful
she's become yeah is like so powerful
and I like you're saying we knew
something was gonna happen but what we
were just not expecting that but it was
so well done again - it was just like
yeah let's go out and talk yeah anything
I can't thank you but I'm like you have
to join someone else
yeah because because of the line where
you said but I jumped one of those girls
yeah so whenever you pulled her out I'm
like into the kitchen and then so you
see like the flames coming up through
the stove I I'm like okay they can't
murder her I thought they were gonna put
her face yeah put the flame line but
that's what I thought yeah but it's like
I get that part of you have to do
something to survive and she at this
point has like she didn't even
necessarily care that you almost you
know got caught wearing paint whenever
it was the random check yeah and then
she literally says like I'm rooting for
you but there's nothing I can do for you
like you know your character at that
point had to do something you're
freaking Maria is just crazy and I mean
they brand her with a Nazi symbol yeah
yeah it was just intense and seemed like
the little fire poker yeah she was just
so intense it got dark so you did
it was because we're in the party and
they're just you know having fun and it
showed up there alone yeah I got the
music to work screaming oh we got to see
Norma again - yeah like she hasn't been
around these guys any the episode -
which was great yes we were talking
about that last week and how we missed
having her on and there was a lot more
of her but it was great to see Norma
again yeah and and they're just having
this party and that was the great that
dichotomy but also kind of that the
sound of the party totally masked what
was going on in the kitchen so they can
get away with this with nobody really
realize what's gonna catch them are they
gonna do this to her but then I'm like
something bad has happened to so many
other characters furlough so we knew
something had to yeah we knew that it
and when that happened with your
character we knew that it had to be
seeing the completion there so I was
just but it was so well done my first
thought was she could've do and she's
out like she just gave it to wear long
sleeves all the time like I know earlier
like okay when is she gonna realize that
this is just a part a portion of her
life cuz like now she has a permanent
something on her arm yeah that she's
gonna have to explain for years and
years and years when I think she was
only looks like three years in prison I
think is what she was I can't remember
right for 36 months or something about
right yeah but um and that's why I'm
like you have to realize like this is
such a small portion and I think she's
learning that but now she has the scar
to remember it back yeah
but yes such a memorable moment with
your character like we've just been
waiting for that and it was just so well
executed yeah I think Taylor did such a
great job
absolutely well that whole group and
that whole kitchen scene again was this
is what we're saying was so intense and
so dark as you had that balance of the
party or anything I mean it's just crazy
there's anyone commenting anyone
spoiling anything it's frozen
but wait waiting for some questions to
come through for you all right so what
yeah let's get on to episode eight
because I know we're running out of time
in Episode eight which is a good thing
we can just roll right in right what are
your initial thoughts every one of
episode a I was I'm like I know they
can't really tell on people for doing
things to them because then it gets
worse but I'm like you have a book you
have a bloody thing on your arm we're
outside working how is no one asking her
about this yeah I mean she had like some
kind of bandage so clearly she went to a
doctor or maybe someone just had it but
I was surprised that no one I thought so
at first but I think everyone there is
like kind of scratched right one like
exactly yeah eight for me with a lot of
Nikki
stuff yes it was there was a lot that
was going on with Nikki and we kind of
opened with we find that she's the one
who's a thief right we don't know at
first wondering when we first open we're
like what is going on you know what who
would be stealing
yeah but they're actually really
important to me like she and her and
Nikki should know that like Nikki knows
that yeah sure which is which is the
crazy part because obviously it's like
her prison mom and all the stuff and
she's stealing she's betraying yeah yeah
yeah yeah and she said she got the drugs
that they were smoking and and the
garden yeah
from trading lipstick with Angie and
then you see Angie making out that dude
that seamlessly I never remember her
wearing what that's right then I said
that line I was like okay that nicely I
kept wondering how she was making out
with him though because I know that's
how they do their drug exchange like
because she has the bags and everything
or he has it in his mouth and puts it in
hers but I'm like you they won't even
let you touch each other now you're
making out yeah that was really guards
though Dom and they don't know
but they also the way it was so tight
you couldn't really see anything going
around behind them too so who knows what
were they exactly were and everything
but you're right I mean I thought the
same thing feels like how is she getting
away with this yeah I do it every week
visitation yeah Laura and Vinny can't do
it maybe I should yeah that was and then
also Piper talks to her brother to Lucy
I really fell for her she was missing
her father so much well she again is
sort of been hitting rock bottom after
the end of episode seven and she has
nobody else in the prison and that's
first time we've really had her interact
with him this whole season so that was
nice and so call prising lee she didn't
talk about herself all the time yes
obviously she called to get you know
tell her my hey I've been branded with
the swastika but instead he tells her
some good news and she doesn't want to
take away from his moment and I was like
as a pillow Piper we're seeing like
season 1 Piper that I really liked and
will accept a little less selfish you
don't really like her in season my gosh
she's always been pretty selfish now we
really know how you feel she always has
been
at least then she kind of seemed to like
have a heart and it seemed like she
hasn't really but now I mean but of
course it takes her getting branded with
a swastika to do that it takes her
hitting rock bottom
nobody liking her anymore everyone's
turned their back on her I mean
everybody yeah I mean even boo like
every single person that she's had that
was a friend has basically turned their
back but it's done that for so many
other people think like red remember
when she went through all the crazy
stuff I mean it's like the people when
they get into this powerful powerful
thing they have to be exactly that
seamless boss and Nikki and Piper in the
garden was just that was in the yeah and
the cornfield that could be the
beginning of something that was that
yeah that was just an amazing scene on
all artists it was well it was it was
interesting I watched it and I thought
oh my god she's gonna under she's gonna
find the body with us she was you know
she first walks up when Piper walks out
there's just water getting the water
whatever
she's gonna come across the body part or
something so I knew something was gonna
happen there and obviously they tell her
when they're in their doubt State yeah
and vulnerable and open to each other I
mean finally I think they all need this
yeah I'll go say even though it took her
smoking crack but then the boss tells
her secret so that whole scene was just
where everybody was vulnerable yeah I
thought we've been worried about Voss
ending up telling Piper because I'm like
Piper's gonna use it against her in some
way but in this instance I don't think
that she will I mean she would have to
like go crazy again to do that but so I
was like I was okay with her telling her
no she I mean she at this point in the
episode a again we haven't gone any
further yeah felt really horrible for
what Alex is going through and you know
she talks about with with red a little
bit but she was feeling absolutely
horrible yeah yeah so I did think that
was a great scene and yes the the crack
had to be the catalyst so to speak to
have that happen but it was so well done
and you see Nikki struggling and Nikki
just wants to hook up with everybody
because she's been in max for actually
supporting I miss Laurie together kind
of well I think she was trying so hard
and it was so funny with Lorna trying to
be all traditional I can't do anything I
can't cheat I can't make her think that
he's cheating on her
or sisters like wait as I yeah but I
think if someone isn't contacting her
especially her husband right yes I might
just file I was right prison do have to
figure out with Vinny because there's
definitely some there but yeah she's
already I don't said it crazy but she's
already obsessive and and has that
person out he said you end up taking
that in yes like actually go to the
house and just like knock on the door
because her sister reminds her right I
mean she was going after boss in outside
I thought she was talking about hooking
up there
I didn't think drugs I thought she was
like since you're denying it let's just
go right when she said don't you want to
just like do something to make yourself
forget I thought she was still talking
about that
so whenever like Piper hears them
playing around in the garden or whatever
it was I thought they were gonna be
hooking up I didn't think they were any
smoking crack that's just me yeah yeah I
mean you're right I did because the way
she was acting you kept thinking she was
trying to hook up and she was clearly
but yes that was a totally different
turn and just like us in the audience I
think we were all surprised just like
their characters were when Piper decided
to partake right she's gonna do that
Alec really but it makes sense because
she basically gotten to that point of
like she just didn't care anymore yeah I
just like you know what I have to lose
right I have another thing the part
where she said she realized she was just
trying to win yeah mm-hmm that was I was
like yes yes alright
vulnerable that she thought she had to
be a particular way she behaved a
certain way to be able to make it in
prison and that really wasn't her and we
all knew that all along we're like okay
this is ridiculous I mean it's just it's
stupid
yeah well gangster with an anything yeah
I mean yeah it was it was good
I like how she also said like I I went
too far I always go too far my boss said
that last season yeah I'm like caught up
with you girl
yeah about time I took four seasons
right I was surprised that boss didn't
explained a little more when she's like
he's underneath us well part of it okay
so tell them that you didn't chop it and
put then again she can't implicate
everybody else right I'm sure that's one
of those things we won't see because
like when red walks up to Piper later
she already knew that Piper knew so how
many people we have Piper boss Nicky
Bali is not good not for a secret like
that but also when red comes up and pie
and Piper is upset about Alex and not
about her arms well thank you with her
brother when she doesn't bring it up and
now she's more convinced I like she's
finally you know thinking of other
people yeah in a weird way that branding
is sort of that branding almost having
like a reset for her and I hear the way
in a way that it was like oh my god she
completely now sort of had this
turnaround and we'll see if that to be
kicked down to get back up to the Louis
yeah yeah and like you were saying with
this whole construction scene with the
the McDonald but that was a great scene
yes i i'm wondering if whispers is
completely gone it sounded like it and
it was interesting maybe because the guy
distracted them but it seemed like
nobody really cared the fact that we're
losing is dour and our job and they're
being forced to do this and then they're
doing basically manual labor while the
tobacco was not working yeah right what
it was trying to like fund is he worked
make it yes it's so funny I would not be
but that would be me I would have no I
would be I don't how to make this thing
work I'll pretend but sit in the shade
yeah yeah I guess they didn't really
have the chance to object like it's not
like they can be like no I'm not doing
this they did the complaining that you
could and that was it yeah so you know
again like you said there's not much you
can do there's only a certain amount you
can complain and you're in prison you're
kind of stuck yeah random thing there's
a lot of Jimmy Carter references but no
one know that she had it branded on her
own no I mean another place that was
funny because even you know your
character that was great too what would
you do at the time machine learn
something if you how bad it would bring
out his artistic side really funk when
she's crying in her bed and you say are
you okay like if you really
intentionally meant to hurt her that
badly I wouldn't have asked I just hope
we really get to see your characters
back because I want to know no we don't
know I don't know
no one knows any nobody knows hey kind
of like it's wrong on you yeah I mean I
go crazy with like thinking things like
why she's in prison by the way from like
you know her family was Mormon and so to
escape she like did something bad to
save her family but it was for the good
animal violates like there's creative
way
yeah like she's fighting people that are
mean to dogs okay like the good one yeah
I think she's good yeah she just gets
caught up in fighting the fight yeah
yeah she does bad things for a good
purpose like violence yeah well I can't
be a ruthless criminal like some really
crazy you're really good in your dark
side
yes I am dark side and holy never but
I'm curious so they don't really consult
I guess the actors to say this is what
we're thinking and people could throw in
stuff it's like this is what you're
doing and this is your backstory and
yeah just be curious good you could you
could just go off on the whole crazy
tangent and okay let's bring it back in
but yeah that's interesting like Emma
when they told her that she was Amish
and she had to speak the language and
everything she got like a weeks notice
just amazing I just throw crazy things
actually was just fun yeah any chance
you know I love this episode is I can't
remember her name but the Reds bunk mate
who sleeps with other the snores
cracking yeah when even the construction
thing when she the girl next to her
yelled she's like sorry my ears are too
close to your mouth that construction
site was nuts like we were filthy by the
time we ended shooting it was like a
12-hour day inside thinking much like
people do it for real life we were just
pretending right it's not that serious
but like we all we had was like toweling
down before leaving and I have a picture
of the towel I should post it yeah
my goodness it's like I won like so
gross so sweaty
it's incredible I was just thinking I'm
moving to me place and they're building
it and I'm thinking all the people
everyday out in the heat you know a
couple weeks ago it was over 100 degrees
out here I'm like how do these people do
every day because I was thinking about
that scene in there talking about the
manual labor I'm like I do it every day
and there are people out there that are
doing that day in and day out people I
mean they don't need to like go to the
gym or do Bikram are you doing it yeah
they're there they're hardcore and I
have a lot of credit for people that can
do that for sure for sure because I just
looked at that and I was already tired
watching for my air conditioning
watching him on TV I am a digger though
I found out like that's not a skill that
I have a shovel and was like is that how
you do it it was horrible like not
before a wheel barrel with all the dirt
into the digital thing had just dug okay
I know we have to we have to get to
wrapping up there any other things I
know obviously that scene close with
also apologize I think he also raped her
body apologize it was like prediction
awful but I think she's gonna end up
warming up to him and Mike I think so
too I get with you on that one yeah yeah
we had the whole thing again with the
picture which was hilarious yeah and
Cindy
because the whole time she refers back
to how her mom's gonna view her with
these demands it's like doesn't do your
mom know you're in prison like she's
gonna be concerned about versus like you
being in prison yeah I mean it's just
it's it's been great I wanted to talk to
you more about your your whole
backstories I mean as acting as an actor
and some of the rules you play but we
were just gonna say is there anything
that we should be looking up looking out
for you for in the in the near future
what do you have going on um the things
that I can't really talk it's not me you
can't talk about stuff now because
social media every day yes you have to
like yeah is there like one scene that
you've shot that you just like you
couldn't stop laughing you guys are just
like cracking up a really amiable thing
that you could tell us we had to do the
stunt where I tackle her and take the
underwear
yeah we're just like I have hand tattoos
on and so they were rubbing off as I was
trying to grab in her shirt and then
tackle her but hit her the right way and
not get her back she is so funny Russell
who plays Ouija uh she and I laugh so
hard she almost pee a couple times it
was super fun you're gonna like just I
don't know having your forever
yes your life to mess up cool well again
thank you so much for being here and
speaking of social media where can
people find you so they can stay up to
date when you can reveal these things
joe-joe party on twitter the insta the
things love it and where can they find
you lovely ladies everywhere and you can
find me at sterling Kate's you can
follow me on twitter at koneko loll and
instagram at you can have it all and you
can find me on twitter at s man 80
that's SMA and eight zero and before I
go there's a great musical right now a
parody of oranges in new black if you're
in the LA area it's fantastic is a lot
of fun it's the white fire theater in
Sherman Oaks Friday and Saturday nights
through the rest of July and into August
it's a lot of fun so definitely check it
out it around and until next week same
time same place
from executive producers Maria Menounos
Keven Undergaro
filss VTech and the entire afterbuzz TV
staff we would like to thank you for
listening to the afterbuzz TV network to
watch or listen to other after shows and
post comments or questions be sure to
visit afterbuzz TV dot-com
I'm Sir Richard Wentworth and this has
been a presentation of afterbuzz TV the
views expressed herein are those of the
hosts only did not necessarily reflect
the views of afterbuzz TV or in order to
pursue after closed TV exclusive